hello and welcome back to my channel so
today we're going to be doing another
haul with this I ordered from a site
that's kind of like those ones you keep
seeing the facebook ads pop up about
know these like super cute try me kind
of clothes that are like really really
dirt cheap and you've seen like the
styles in other places but these
companies are selling them for nothing
basically
the company I am gonna be reviewing
today it's called offal I've seen quite
a few reviews here but it's hard to tell
like which ones have been sponsored and
which ones are like actually just
someone give me their honest review so I
bought I think five or six swimsuits and
I just want to give you guys my honest
opinion because I was a little bit
nervous on purchasing them so I'm gonna
take a look I haven't tried to need them
on so I'm really excited I took them out
of the packaging and stuff just to kind
of look so I'll talk about quality
sizing because that was kind of my
biggest concern was I didn't really know
what size to buy a lot of people were
like oh this one runs really small so
you better sides up this one runs really
big you see better size down and I was
like it was just super confusing and
some people I would like saw pictures
that I saw pictures that girls have
posted in like one girl was like five
eight one hundred fifty pounds and
another girl was like five three 135 and
they were wearing the same exact size
and they both fit so I was like how does
that even work
so anyways I'm going to give my review
what I think I'm going to try them on
comes you guys what's good with them
yeah that's it
alright so this first suit is called the
cami bralette string bikini sites in the
color coffee I purchased this size small
and unfortunately on this site you
Pindell you can't like get a small top
and like a medium bottom but sugar will
put it needed obviously I was like
covering on my back because these
bottoms the way that they're shaped is
that the front and the back are the same
exact size which makes absolutely no
sense and they're not like quite linked
long enough that way so it's either like
flash or vagina or flesh or booty and
you like you don't get a choice it's one
of the other you're not gonna get away
with being covered up the top is
actually really really cute so the
bottoms I would never ever wear in
public because it's either hoodie crap
or lady parts that's not happening oh
the top though I love the little like
try thing the top it has like pounds of
it so that's kind of nice to be on
hopefully I love the ripped fabric
fabric boys I don't know how this is
gonna look when it's black honestly this
is like like a it gets fabric it's not
like some soup material like this in her
hair swimsuit material but this outer
layer is not at all but it's really
comfortable I would just I would
literally wear this like the gym or ice
like a full sports bar or something
because I think it's cute oh yeah
unfortunately bottoms don't fit so
you're kind of Sol on wearing it as a
set but I got it for
this one was $13.99 so 14 bucks all
right
paid 14 for top not really worth it
Oh about me one you job
okay so suit number two the
material-wise it is feeling like actual
suit material I've got a hard percent
sure on that like the other suit with
all the pieces the front and the back or
like shape the same which for most
female bodies doesn't always work so you
can see like the back of this was also
super like low and it's the exact same
shape on the front so yeah I mean I've
got really little whoops
so this isn't like a huge issue because
it's still like covering me if you got
if you're well-endowed you're screwed
like you're fucked you know on about it
even if you might like you signed up
just with this shape and you got then
they're like it's gonna fall out like it
doesn't work I actually might like rid
of this out though I mean it's it's
pretty cute I like the bottoms once I
got in the front in the back of the
bikini bottoms are exactly the same
this shape that's kind of reminding me
of the shoots la suits I do have like
two of those and the shape of the
bottoms is kind of like the same except
with them it actually goes up into a
thong so if it's a little better like
this is a thong on me but I like it's
like a little too much material back
there / - like look all my percent
natural the top is kind of a theme is
one of those - a little bit you know no
notice great quality but I would wear
this I don't know decide what is this
one let's see so this is the high cut
scoop bikini sat in small and color
turquoise this one
$12.99 so for $13 for an entire sum
[Music]
su-27 and
all right so this suit is even worse
than other ribbed one with the bottom
situation like literally half when my
bun is out if I want my vagina covered
so this is not gonna work
tops cuter I like the top apparently
these are two different swimsuits but
they look exactly the same like I was
trying to look on here at the pictures
of the other one and it doesn't look
like the picture exactly like it says
its says it's like a cami but the straps
were definitely like almost the same
size of this I don't really know what
the difference is they fit differently
which is so weird because they're
literally the same suit so I don't know
anyways this one was 1250 so as a dollar
cheaper than the other one but it still
fits like uh and I gotta say as small as
the color army green
once again I actually like the top I
would wear this maybe not so cool
because literally like the cotton side
here they put like about as little
amount of like swimsuit material that
they could in here like that's all they
put is just covering my boobs and the
rest of it is material so I feel like
when you get it wet it's just gonna like
hang weird so I'm not so sure talking
about these two so far you know my worth
is like the gym but probably not just
the pool or lake or anything yeah
literally my thoughts are the same with
not worth it baby show me baby
all right so this slips in I'm just
gonna start off by saying I feel a
little bit tacky with my dad but uh yeah
I feel like a cheap Hobby Lobby type of
craft that was made like you go buy
these flowers that Hobby Lobby then he
just you know put a little so in there
see these are like literally it's being
held on by a string each of these
flowers like I could just sew like these
cheap nice flowers on to a swimsuit top
and accomplish the same thing because
this doesn't look good um yeah I don't
know the bottoms fit kind of small so
I'm getting like the muffin top thing
going on I think that I got a medium in
these though yeah so this is a medium
the halter stereo flower bikini oh this
is what this is the name of the bikini
halter stereo flower bikini cute bathing
suit it's a mouthful and yeah I got a
sizing medium because I think that I saw
that a lot of people sized up bottoms
are still a little too tight for my
liking just because as soon as these
like this has no stretch to it
this material is just super just tight
and it's giving me muffin top the top is
like a standard black bathing suit top
with flowers soap on to it on your boobs
why me look because for some reason I
like thought this like so like here like
it looks like these straps are a little
bit longer I don't know it just it looks
better like not on me I feel like that
happens a lot but I feel like it like
looks like it could be cute but it's
just like not like it's not doing what I
want it to do but yeah this one was I
think the most expensive one and I paid
$18 for it so just material-wise though
it's bit renovating some material so I
guess that's good I would just feel like
kind of silly going out in it sizing
bottoms once I got her a little too
small even though I ordered a whole size
up and the top fits fine it's a halter
and is the exact same as the blue one
that I turn on first um but it still
fits a little bit differently like this
top is a little smaller which is good
because it's actually like holding them
a little more than that one did which is
weird because I bought a small and bolt
they're the exact same suit just
different colors this is the neon yellow
so once again it's the high cut scoop
bikini sets $12.99 - this one overall I
would wear this black out it's probably
the only one that I feel like okay I
could maybe rock this one same thing
from the back of each piece is it the
exact same so fits a little bit weird
the stitching is crap but overall it
swimsuit material it fits pretty good
I'm happy with this one
finally alright so that was it
it's funny because I like just looked at
some of the suits and they actually have
like tags in the back singing like the
sizes on some of them and just wanting
that they would even like bother to make
a back and a front because they're the
same like you could just throw along
either way but anyways that was it so
basically I bought five swimsuits and I
have one that I would wear as is so
that's kind of disappointing to I would
wear just the tops I would wear the blue
one - all right I'll give it the benefit
of the doubt I would wear two out of
five I would row the tops of the other
two the flower one needs to go back to
Hobby Lobby and someone needs to stop
doing arts and crafts over there because
they're not good at it
uh I wanted to go over a few more things
so in total I think I need some sort of
some sort of like discount food total I
paid 6605
so I paid $66 for two suits and two tops
and the thing is like the material so no
bueno that they probably won't last long
I'm not expecting them to last maybe
even the whole summer we'll find out but
overall I think it's kind of a waste of
money I wouldn't say it's like a scam or
like like I got all the suits that I
ordered I got all five people are saying
like they haven't gotten their stuff in
the mail for like three months or
something mine came in like 14 days I
think total for all of it we're sent in
two separate separate shipments so I got
everything
they look pretty close to the picture I
obviously they're knock-offs and they're
not like gonna be great quality so what
do you expect um so yeah I probably will
not shop here anymore I didn't even
bother trying to buy any clothes from
them because uh just wasn't
if you do get sizing most of them I did
order my regular size which I do wear a
size small typically but just read like
reviews and stuff on there if they've
got it because that was what really
helped me with figuring out sighs um but
yeah six to six dollars all it's a
little pricey for me but it's just funny
because I had like I probably had like
three or four more sim sits in there and
the total was like 100 something my
boyfriend is kind of like daughter to
spend a hundred dollars like on that
stuff and I was like you know what
you're right so I took a bunch out and
I'm really glad that I did because it
wasn't amazing so that is my baffle
review for you people I hope that was
helpful it was honest this is not
sponsored or they didn't send me
anything so that's it so thank you for
coming back please like please subscribe
please comment below what type of stuff
you guys want to see and yeah wake up to
me her sleeping no clothes